# Beta Version 2.0.0

## Added

* Added SoftActorCritic, DeepDeterministicPolicyGradient and TwinDelayedDeepDeterministicPolicyGradient under "Models" section.

* DeepQLearning, DeepStateActionRewardStateAction, DeepExpectedStateActionRewardStateAction, ProximalPolicyOptimization models and its variants now have "lambda" argument for TD-Lambda and GAE-Lambda functionality. This includes AdvantageActorCritic model.

## Changes

* All internal components now uses TensorL2D instead of MatrixL for full compatibility with DataPredict Neural. TensorL2D can be replaced with TensorL.

* All constructors now requires a parameter dictionary instead of arguments.

* The diagonalGaussianUpdate() function now requires actionNoiseVector.

* Moved RandomNetworkDistillation, GenerativeAdversarialImitationLearning and WassersteinGenerativeAdversarialImitationLearning to "ReinforcementLearningStrategies" section.

* Renamed DistributedGradients to DistributedGradientsCoordinator and moved to "DistributedTrainingStrategies" section.

* Renamed DistributedModelParameters to DistributedModelParametersCoordinator and moved to "DistributedTrainingStrategies" section.

* All reinforcement learning models now require "terminalStateValue" for categoricalUpdate(), diagonalGaussianUpdate() and episodeUpdate() functions.

* Reimplemented ActorCritic, VanillaPolicyGradient and REINFORCE models.

* Made major changes with ModelChecker, ModelDatasetCreator and OnlineTraining under the "Other" section.

* CategoricalPolicyQuickSetup and DiagonalGaussianPolicyQuickSetup no longer have setClassesList() and getClassesList() functions.

## Fixes

* Fixed CategoricalPolicyQuickSetup and DiagonalGaussianPolicyQuickSetup, where the next action is used in the categoricalUpdate() and diagonalGaussianUpdate() instead of previous action.

## Removed

* Removed AsynchronousAdvantageActorCritic from "Models" to reduce maintenance effort. You can use AdvantageActorCritic with DistributedGradientsCoordinator or DistributedModelParametersCoordinator to achieve similar functionalities.

* Removed "AqwamCustomModels" section and its models.