# [API Reference](../../API.md) - [Models](../Models.md) - BaseModel

The base model for all machine and deep learning models.

## Constructors

### new()

Creates a new machine learning base model.

```
BaseModel.new(): BaseModelObject
```

## Functions

### setModelParametersInitializationMode()

Sets how the initial model parameters values are generated. The model parameters will be generated when train() function is run.

```
BaseModel:setModelParametersInitializationMode(initializationMode: string, minimumModelParametersInitializationValue: number, maximumModelParametersInitializationValue: number)
```

#### Parameters:

* initializationMode: The mode for the matrices to be initialized. Available options are:

  * Zero

  * Random

  * RandomNormal

  * RandomUniformPositive
   
  * RandomUniformNegative

  * RandomUniformNegativeAndPositive

  * HeUniform

  * HeNormal

  * XavierUniform
  
  * XavierNormal
  
  * LeCunUniform

  * LeCunNormal

  * None

* minimumModelParametersInitializationValue: The minimum value to be generated by the model. Only applicable to "Random" initialization mode.

* maximumModelParametersInitializationValue: The maximum value to be generated by the model. Only applicable to "Random" initialization mode.

### getModelParameters()

Gets the model parameters from the base model.

```
BaseModel:getModelParameters(doNotDeepCopy: boolean): ModelParameters
```

#### Parameters

* doNotDeepCopy: Set whether or not to deep copy the model parameters.

#### Returns

* ModelParameters: A matrix/table containing model parameters fetched from the base model.

### setModelParameters()

Set the model parameters to the base model.

```
BaseModel:setModelParameters(ModelParameters: ModelParameters, doNotDeepCopy: boolean)
```

#### Parameters

* ModelParameters: A matrix/table containing model parameters to be given to the base model.

* doNotDeepCopy: Set whether or not to deep copy the model parameters.

### clearModelParameters()

Clears the model parameters contained inside base model.

```
BaseModel:clearModelParameters()
```

### setPrintOutput()

Set if the model prints output.

```
BaseModel:setPrintOutput(option: boolean)
```

#### Parameters:

* option: A boolean value that specifies if the output is printed.