# Why I Do Not Let The AIs To Fully Code DataPredict

## Introduction

Some people want to argue that they don't have to pay for a comprehensive machine learning library.

My reaction? Indifference. 

I already know how this would go. 

In fact, I have seen fully AI-generated competitors died immediately (in terms of popularity and maintainance) after being released to the public.

DataPredict™ has existed since around February 2023, where that is where ChatGPT is around. So I had every opportunities to let the AI do the work for me.

Some people want to argue that AI models back then wasn't that good back then, and tell me that I should use latest models.

I did, including the day that you are reading this document right now. This includes using ChatGPT, LLama, Gemini, Mistral, Qwen, DeepSeek, Kimi and many others. I have tested them all under a lot of different configurations like choosing between high and low thinking modes, personalizing my prompts and so on.

The AIs still had glaring problems. The AIs will always have them.

The AIs are good in general software engineering, I'm not going to deny that.

But software engineering that is heavy in mathematics? This is where the AIs will screw up the most.

I don't remember how many times that I kept encountering mathematical issues generated by AIs.

There's a good reason why despite the claims of AI having PhD intelligence, the newest AI models are still built by PhD people and not the older AI models themselves.

Below, I will list what I kept encountering despite me using the latest AI technology.

## Common Issues Encountered With AI-Generated Codes

* Unlike the general software engineering projects where functionality errors are easy to visualize and to fix by the AIs, the mathematical errors tend to be silent and not raise any errors. This means that if the AIs misses the bugs related to mathematics and the AI receives no errors, the AIs will assume it is working without checking the individual first derivative values. You have to be very explicit about the first derivative values when you use AI to generate tests. A first-time library developer will not be aware that they need a more sophiscated tests than what is given by the AIs.

* Even if I had given them research papers directly, they would still hallucinate for some reason. This can be seen with Proximal Policy Optimization, where the AI insists on saying my implementation of PPO is wrong due to lack of clipped objective or the entropy terms. However, as seen in OpenAI's [Spinning Up](https://spinningup.openai.com/en/latest/algorithms/ppo.html) website, those are two different variants separate from the original PPO. What made this even worse, OpenAI is the original developer for Proximal Policy Optimization and acknowledged the fact there are two variants of Proximal Policy Optimization, where the clipped objective and the entropy terms are just extensions to this algorithm.

* Since they are trained on existing data, the more complex first derivatives tend to be incorrect as they are not present in the wild. For example, the derivatives for the Factorization Machines kept changing despite the same prompt and can be made worse if I made it to show steps. At that point, I gave up having the AI doing the first derivative mathematics and use WolframAlpha, Google it or I do all of the derivations myself. Granted, I would make a mistake once in a while, but it wasn't that common compared to AI-generated codes.

* For things that are well-known like Neural Networks, they will get it wrong. This is especially noticeable if you have hand-crafted the neural network codes that have all the optimizations. The AI seem to be very strict about how you code these mathematical models, making them inflexible against codes that are clearly optimized. Deviate, and some how, you get a code for first derivative quite wrong.

* The AI seem to never even apply Composition, Inheritance, SOLID, DRY, and Design Patterns properly that is common in my codebase. I literally need this to make sure my code to be maintainable. I also need it to be readable for everyone including the AIs.

* My codes are already interacting with each other in the most very strange way, with a very strange external API. Because of this strangeness (which is required for my machine learning library), a single API code change breaks every other interacting codes.

## History Of Building DataPredict With AIs

Do you want to know why DataPredict was overly verbose? 

During the first three months of DataPredict™'s development, I used the AI too excessively but never checked the correctness. I then get complaints that the library doesn't work. This is where I began doing first derivative by hand and realized how wrong the AI was...

I then asked the AI to show steps. Somehow, the first derivatives kept changing whenever I regenerate the AI texts with the same prompt.

From here, I pay very close attention whenever they do derivations and convert those derivations to code.

Even the process of translation from mathematics to code is problematic for the AIs. It kept mixing up these derivatives if you don't ask them to separate different parts of gradient calculations:

* The derivative in respect of inputs.

* The deruvatuve in respect of activation functions.

* The derivative in respect of the loss.

As a result, I have became paranoid about my first derivatives and made sure the variable names are verbose so that I can understand which variables are for which part of the first derivative calculations. The once that does not use first derivatives eventually follow suit for their variable names just to keep track on the correctness of the mathemaically-heavy codes.
